[dramatic music playing]
[loud thud]
[Scorponok roars]
[footsteps pounding]
Autobots, behind me!
Prime, the Decepticons are now docked.
I've got reinforcements on standby.
-Just say the word and--
-No, Ironhide!
Recall Ratchet's team, and keep everyone
on the Ark until we secure the station.
[Scorponok grunts]
[growling]
That is an order!
[Arcee] Not a scratch!
We need heavier artillery!
[rapid firing continues]
[Wheeljack] What's he doing?
Buying the rest of us time to escape.
[Scorponok grunts]
-Do we fall back?
-Those are his orders, right?
[Prime grunts]
[Bumblebee pants]
I didn't hear any orders.
Autobots, attack!
Don't worry, Prime. We got this!
No, Bumblebee! Get everyone to--
[grunts]
[Scorponok growling]
[gasps] Optimus!
[theme music plays]
[Prime groaning]
[Arcee] Bumblebee, no! You'll hit Prime!
[Bumblebee grunts]
[Scorponok] Agh!
Optimus Prime is mine!
Megatron.
[Sideswipe]
How did he know where to find us?
I guess when you trust
a guy named Doubledealer…
[Scorponok grunting]
More intruders!
More contagion!
-[growls]
-[Megatron] Decepticons, clear a path!
[rapid firing]
[Scorponok growls]
Wheeljack, the explosives!
We need those charges
to clear the Spacebridge!
[Prime] Right now,
we need them to survive!
[Bumblebee] But the Allspark!
Will remain lost
if we fail to get off this station!
Our only way back to the Ark
is past this beast
and back up to the docking ports!
-[Scorponok growls]
-[Soundwave grunts]
[Ravage barks]
[Scorponok grunting]
[yells]
[grunts]
[Prime] Huh? [grunts]
Autobots, take cover!
No!
Go!
Not without you!
-I will be right behind…
-[Megatron growls]
[grunts]
-[Megatron grunting]
-[Prime groaning]
[Megatron groans]
Listen to me, Megatron!
The fate of our people is in the balance!
Why do you think I'm here?
[grunts]
[Prime groans]
[Bumblebee yells]
[groans]
-How I've longed for this moment.
-[Prime groans]
Here I stand,
the leader of our people,
fighting for the survival
of our home world,
and there you lay.
Take it.
Just try and strike me down.
[grunts] There is still time
to save Cybertron.
I have charted a path to the Allspark.
[weapon cocks]
You're going to die here.
Nothing can change that now.
But if you really want to save our people,
then give me those coordinates.
[weapon cocks]
All right.
-Have your fighting chance.
-[Scorponok transforms]
[Scorponok] Tyrants!
Foul oppressors!
Feel the wrath of the last Scorponok!
[yells]
[grunts]
[Megatron growls]
[Prime grunts]
[Scorponok grunts]
[loud boom]
[fades to silence]
[grunts]
-You all right?
-[Arcee groans]
Never better.
Thanks.
I guess that's one way to end a skirmish.
Uh…
Bee?
-Wait. Are we…
-[Wheeljack grunts] Found it!
No, no, no, Wheeljack!
[clank]
-[Arcee gasps]
-[Bumblebee] Agh! [grunts]
[debris crumbling]
-[Arcee groaning]
-[Bumblebee groaning]
[pants] Thanks.
If you two are done playing,
we got problems over here.
The explosion triggered the blast doors,
sealing us in
and cutting off all outside communication.
There's got to be an override,
but this equipment is so antiquated.
Besides the atmospheric controls,
I don't know what's what.
Do you think that… that Prime…
Optimus is fine.
Of course he is. He's a Prime.
[Prime groaning]
Autobots, report.
[groans]
[Prime groaning]
[loud clatter]
[Ravage panting]
[sniffing]
-[grunts] Get off me!
-[Ravage yelps]
Huh! Where is Megatron?
Uh, he was, uh,
at the center of the blast.
[Starscream] So, he's…
[sighs]
Ah, cheer up, my brothers.
We mustn't dwell on the end of one era
when there is another just beginning.
My first act will be to crush
whatever is left of the Autobot rebels
and to personally
return the Allspark to Cybertron.
[Prime grunting]
-[grunts]
-[clatter]
[Megatron groaning softly]
What have you done?
Easy, Megatron.
[Megatron labored laughing]
Is something funny?
[groans] How did we get here?
[Prime] The explosion
must have blown us through the--
No…
[pained groan]
I mean,
how is it that you keep cheating death
and leaving me
to suffer the consequences?
[Prime]
We have to get that girder out of you.
[labored] Why can't you just say it?
[groans]
[Prime] I…
was wrong.
I should not have sent the Allspark
into the Spacebridge.
No matter what,
it should have remained on Cybertron.
But believe me,
I am determined to bring it home again.
[gasping] There won't be any home left.
[labored]
You've been gone too long, old friend.
[Prime]
How did you get here to this station?
I built a ship.
[Prime] You built a ship?
I had bots that built it.
Had? Where are they now?
I needed a way off our dying world.
A ship needs energon.
I culled what resources I could.
Culled?
You sound just like Ariel.
You mean Elita-1.
What is her condition?
She is dead.
[Prime gasps]
[Megatron] I assume by now.
She was leading
a nasty little rebellion back home,
but with thin ranks and thinner resources,
it was just a matter of time.
[Prime sighs]
[Megatron] I tried to recruit her,
but there was still too much
Alpha Trion polluting her circuits,
just like you.
[Prime yells]
[echoing clatter]
[Prime] Huh?
Do you hear that?
Voices… on the other side of this wall.
-[banging]
-[Prime] Over here!
Can anyone hear me?
[groans] Those aren't voices, you idiot.
It's the environmental systems rebooting.
[pained groaning]
[Prime] I do not know what atrocities
you have committed to get here,
but the only way you will leave
is with my help.
It is time to set aside our disagreements
and work together.
No.
I would rather die in here
than be carried out by you.
I will not let you die.
[labored laughing]
You are so weak.
The single best thing
that could happen for you
and your idealistic crusade
is for me to die.
All you have to do
is not help,
and you can't even manage that.
Hmm. You should have killed me back there.
You could have learned the location
of the Allspark from any Autobot,
or even Teletraan-1.
Instead, you let me live.
Why?
Because you need me.
Ha!
[Prime]
Without me and my "idealistic crusade,"
you would never have amassed
the power you now wield.
I gave you exactly what you needed:
a villain for your Decepticons
to rally against.
But you still need me,
perhaps now more than ever.
So, here is my proposal.
I will help you out of this,
then you and I will retrieve the Allspark
and bring it home together.
After that, we go our separate ways.
This will be painful.
-[girder squeaks]
-[Megatron pained groaning]
[guttural pained groaning]
[yells in agony]
-[bot transforming]
-[Mirage] Everybody else hear that?
[faint rumbling]
-[Sideswipe] That sounds like--
-Weapon!
-[Soundwave grunts]
-[Starscream transforms, grunts]
-[weapons cock]
-Where's your boss?
-[Ravage snarls]
-We've had a change in management.
Decepticons,
I want this impure scum out of my sight!
-[rapid firing]
-[Bumblebee grunts]
[Megatron] Cease fire.
[footsteps approaching]
[Megatron grunts weakly]
Optimus!
And Megatron.
Huh!
[Megatron groaning]
[groaning]
[sighs]
I can't get the blast doors open, Prime.
The glyphs on here are ancient
and untranslatable.
[grunts]
[console beeping]
Huh?
[Starscream] Is this what we do now?
Assist the filthy rebels?
I thought your mettle
was stronger, Megatron.
But, of course, to look at you…
I still…
[groans] …function.
To what end?
Decepticons,
our formerly fearsome leader
has chosen to side
with this Autobot pestilence against us!
Stay with me, and I will lead our kind
to victory and prosperity!
Should we get in the middle of this?
I don't know what this is.
Well, Megatron,
I've made my argument.
-What's yours?
-[Megatron growls]
-[grunts]
-[Starscream grunts]
[screams]
He'll be back.
Now, where were we?
[Prime] Autobots, transform and roll--
-[loud crash]
-[Scorponok growls]
[grunts]
[Megatron grunts]
-[Megatron] Decepticons, attack!
-Autobots, attack!
[Scorponok growls]
[Refraktor screams]
-[shots ricocheting]
-[Scorponok growls]
[grunts]
Yeah! That's it!
Aim for the head!
-[rapid firing]
-[Scorponok grunting]
It's working!
[Ravage panting]
Get off me!
Huh?
[Prime] Wheeljack,
Megatron requires repairs.
I, uh…
[Prime] If we intend to survive,
we need everyone in this fight.
[Wheeljack sighs]
[Megatron grunts]
Lay still.
[Scorponok growls]
[Prime grunting]
Optimus, stay back!
Contamination!
-[Prime grunts]
-[Scorponok] Corruption!
[groans] I…
am not your slave!
[growls]
Prime, look out for…
-[Prime groans]
-[electricity crackling]
[Scorponok growls]
[Prime grunts]
[Prime] Thank you.
I gave it fair warning
that you, Optimus Prime,
are mine to destroy!
We saved your life!
[laughs heartily]
For the theft of the Allspark,
a clear act of genocide
committed against your own kind,
for destroying our planet,
our race and our entire way of life,
and mostly because
I will enjoy it beyond measure,
I sentence you and all Autobot renegades
to a just and painful death.
[Prime] Meting out judgment, old friend?
You sound like a Quintesson.
[Megatron] I am nothing like a--
[Scorponok] Quintesson?
You are of the creators?
[Megatron growls] Creators?
They kept us as slaves,
forced us to work and fight one another
for their amusement
until the day we fought them and won.
What are you?
Someone whose people never rose up,
never fought back against them.
Now my home is destroyed.
My family is dead.
You fought only for their amusement,
yet you still fight
because you've ruled
against your opponents
and sentenced them to death
like a Quintesson judge.
-I am no Quintesson!
-[weapon cocks]
I am the last of the Scorponok!
[both grunting]
[rapid firing]
[Prime] We have to get to those doors.
I have an idea!
[Megatron growling]
[Scorponok yells]
Now!
[weapons firing]
[Megatron growls]
[Scorponok growling]
[clank]
[dramatic music plays]
[Megatron growling]
[Ironhide] Prime!
[Prime] Prepare for maximum warp!
What about the station?
[pants] I will not destroy it
while Megatron is inside.
We will find another way.
That's more than he'd do for us.
Yes, Bumblebee. I believe it is.
[grunts]
Target all weapons at that station!
But Megatron and the others are still…
[Starscream growls] Megatron is dead!
I am taking command of this mission,
and I am ordering you to fire all weapons!
Won't that blow up the Spacebridge?
There's no way
we'll be able to warp out in time to--
[Starscream grunts]
Farewell, Autobot scum.
And good riddance, mighty Megatron.
[console trilling]
[Ratchet over comm]
The Decepticons are charging weapons!
[Wheeljack] If they hit the station,
it'll be anything but surgical.
Now, Ironhide!
[console beeping]
[intensifying whirring]
[loud blast]
[rumbling]
Ironhide, where are we?
[pants, groans]
I don't understand.
The warp drive never initiated.
According to this,
we're exactly where we were.
[suspenseful music plays]
[music fades out]
[theme music plays]